All right, so we just went over some of the fundamental concepts of
blockchain and then learned a little more about
different consensus algorithms that exist.
In the next lesson, we're going to be talking more about managing transactions and also,
I hope if you could just tell us a little more about how what we just
learned relates to what we're going to be doing in the next lesson.
Yes, that's great. So honestly,
it all starts with consensus.
We need to make sure that on a peer-to-peer network
that transactions are approved, right?
To be embedded into a block on the blockchain.
So, first we went over consensus and
the different types of consensus algorithms that we can
utilize on a blockchain platform and with proof of work for Bitcoin Core,
we now want to look at what
the transaction lifecycle looks like as we're going to embed a transaction into a block.
Great, cool. Yes, so next,
we're just going to do a quick recap of the lesson and then we're going to transition
into the next lesson where we're going to start
talking about managing these transactions for ourselves.